Documentation for dso.docker.com (#15540)
docker/docker.github.io: atomist/integrate/deploys.md

---
title: Track deployments
description:
keywords:
---

{% include atomist/disclaimer.md %}

By integrating Atomist with a runtime environment, you can track vulnerabilities
for deployed containers. This gives you contexts for whether security debt is
increasing or decreasing.

There are several options for how you could implement deployment tracking:

- Invoking the API directly
- Adding it as a step in your continuous deployment pipeline
- Creating Kubernetes admission controllers

## API

Each Atomist workspace exposes an API endpoint. Submitting a POST request to the
endpoint updates Atomist about what image you are running in your environments.

> This will let you compare data for images you build against images of containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets you compare data for images you build against images of containers
```

---
title: Tracking image deployments
description:
keywords:
---

{% include atomist/disclaimer.md %}

Atomist compares recent image Vulnerability scans against the scans of images
that are currently deployed.

This level of tracking gives developers contexts about when security debt is
both increasing and decreasing. This can be integrated in several ways:

- steps in continuous deployment pipelines
- Kubernetes Admission Controllers (for kube-based deployments)
- Calling the API directly

## API

Each Atomist workspace exposes an endpoint to call whenever an image is
deployed. All subsequent scans will now be compared against each recorded
environment. Look up the endpoint URL in the

> [Atomist app](https://dso.atomist.com/r/auth/integrations).

Reviewer 2: Should not be dso.docker.com?
